docs: update troubleshooting guide for Google Cloud Functions (#11286)
puppeteer/puppeteer: docs/troubleshooting.md

[App Engine standard environment](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/nodejs/)
comes with all system packages needed to run Headless Chrome.

To use `puppeteer`, specify the module as a dependency in your `package.json`
and then override the puppeteer cache directory by including a file named 
`.puppeteerrc.cjs` at the root of your application with the contents:

```ts
const {join} = require('path');

/**
 * @type {import("puppeteer").Configuration}
 */
module.exports = {

>   cacheDirectory: join(__dirname, 'node_modules', '.puppeteer_cache'),

Reviewer: `.cache` folder is commonly used to signify that a package wants to store some data, so let's use that one.
```suggestion
  cacheDirectory: join(__dirname, 'node_modules', '.cache', 'puppeteer'),
```

};
```

> [!NOTE]  

> > Google App Engine caches your `node_modules` between builds. Specifying the
> > puppeteer cache as subdirectory of `node_modules` mitigates an issue in which the
> > puppeteer install process does not run when the cache is hit.

Reviewer: This is a little bit more explanatory of why you should to this:
```suggestion
> Google App Engine caches your `node_modules` between builds. 
> Specifying the Puppeteer cache as subdirectory of `node_modules` 
> mitigates an issue in which Puppeteer can't find the browser executable
> due to `postinstall` not being run. 
```
